Update README.md (#1)
EDGENortheastern/welcome-to-edge: README.md

# welcome-to-edge

> Thus is a repo we can use to tall people about important things in the University. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus is a repo we can use to tell people about important things in the EDGE team. We will also use it to introduce new students to our GitHub organisation. 🦄
```

> ##importantrepositories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Important Repositories
```
